[ADD] payroll: adding new work entries doc (#4196)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/payroll/work_entries.rst

============

> Work Entries

Author: I'll go ahead and make it lower case, since it CAN be the official label (caps) or the generic meaning of the phrase, so I'll make it lower case (I can change it back if Zac says).

every employee, with each day split into a morning shift and an afternoon shift.

.. image:: work_entries/work-entries-overview.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Work Entries dashboard view showing all employee's work entries.

To change the view so that only the entries for a single day, week, or month are shown, click on
one of the corresponding links for :guilabel:`Day`, :guilabel:`Week`, or :guilabel:`Month`, located
at the top of the dashboard.

Use the :guilabel:`⬅️ (left arrow)` and :guilabel:`➡️ (right arrow)` icons on the left and right
side of the :guilabel:`Today` button to adjust the displayed dates. The arrows will adjust the date
based on the type of time selected. For example, if month is selected, the arrows will move one
month with each click of the arrow. If week or day is selected, the time will move by either a week
or a day for each click of the arrow, respectively.

Adding a new work entry
=======================

If a work entry is missing and needs to be added, such as  sick time or time off, click
:guilabel:`Add` to create a new work entry. A pop-up will appear, with several fields to fill in.

> Enter the :guilabel:`Work Entry Name`, such as 'Sick Time' or any other short description. Select

Author: You won't believe me but in my head I thought I was using backtics, but obviously, I didn't! ^_^

   check the :guilabel:`Period` to ensure the time stated corresponds to the :guilabel:`To` and
   :guilabel:`From` fields.

   .. image:: work_entries/period.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Check the hours entered by looking at the total time in the Period section.

Once the information is entered, click :guilabel:`Save & Close` to save the entry and close the
pop-up, or :guilabel:`Save & New` to save the entry and create another :guilabel:`Work Entry Type`.

Regenerate work entries
=======================

After a work entry has been either added or modified, the work entries need to be regenerated for
the affected employee(s). Click on the :guilabel:`Regenerate Work Entries` button at the top of the
main dashboard, and a pop-up will appear.

Select the :guilabel:`Employee` to regenerate work entries for from the :guilabel:`drop-down menu`,
and adjust the :guilabel:`From` and :guilabel:`To` fields so the correct date range is displayed.
Click the :guilabel:`Regenerate Work Entries` button and the work entries will be recreated. Once
finished, the pop-up will close.

   .. image:: work_entries/regenerate-details.png
      :align: center

>       :alt: Regenerate a work entry for a particular employee.

Author: Doh! This is the second time it auto pushed it- I didn't see the space that was in front. I'll keep a closer eye on that!

the :guilabel:`Company` field, along with an option to mark the payslips as a credit note. To make
changes, click the :guilabel:`Edit` button in the top left, make any changes, then click either
:guilabel:`Save` to accept the changes or :guilabel:`Discard` to revert to the original data.

   .. image:: work_entries/batch.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Batch information that appears when making a batch.

Click the :guilabel:`Create Draft Entry` button to create the payslips for the batch.

Click on the :guilabel:`Payslips` button in the top right to view all the payslips for the batch.

.. Note::
   Payslips will have a status of *Waiting* until the :guilabel:`Create Draft Entry` button has been
   clicked. After, the payslip status will change to *Done*.

Payslips can be printed by clicking the box next to each payslip to print, or clicking the box next
to :guilabel:`Reference` to select all the payslips at once. Click the :guilabel:`Print` button, and
a PDF file will be created with all the specified payslips.

   .. image:: work_entries/print-payslips.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Click the Print button to print the payslips.

> 

Reviewer: It may be a good idea to link to the work entry configuration on Payroll.rst, as well as link to this doc from that section as well, WDYT?
```suggestion
.. seealso::
   :ref:`Configure work entries <payroll/work-entries-config>`

```

Author: YES! Mor info, the better =)

============
Work Entries
============

The :guilabel:`Work Entries` dashboard, which can be found by going to :menuselection:`Payroll

> --> Work Entries --> Work Entries`, provides a visual overview of all employee's individual time
> sheets, with each day split into a morning shift and an afternoon shift.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
--> Work Entries --> Work Entries`, provides a visual overview of the individual time
sheets of every employee, with each day split into a morning shift and an afternoon shift.
```

.. image:: work_entries/work-entries-overview.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Work Entries dashboard view showing all employee's work entries.

> To change the view so only the entries for a single day, a week, or a whole month are shown, click
> on either :guilabel:`Day`, :guilabel:`Week`, or :guilabel:`Month` to view only those entries.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To change the view so that only the entries for a single day, week, or month are shown, click
on either :guilabel:`Day`, :guilabel:`Week`, or :guilabel:`Month`.
```

.. image:: work_entries/work-entry-date.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Select the date format to view, either day, week, or month.

> Use the arrow keys on the left and right side of the :guilabel:`Today` smart button to adjust the
> displayed dates. The arrows will adjust the date based off the type of time selected. For example,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the arrow keys on the left and right side of the :guilabel:`Today` smart button to adjust the
displayed dates. The arrows will adjust the date based on the type of time selected. For example,
```

if month is selected, the arrows will move one month with each click of the arrow. If week or day is
selected, the time will move by either a week or a day for each click of the arrow, respectively.

> Adding a new Work Entry

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Adding a new work entry
```

=======================

> If a work entry is missing and needs to be added, such as entering sick time, time off, click
> :guilabel:`Add` to create a new work entry. A pop up will appear, with several fields to fill in.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a work entry is missing and needs to be added, such as sick time or time off, click
:guilabel:`Add` to create a new work entry. A pop-up will appear with several fields to fill in.
```

Enter the :guilabel:`Work Entry Name`, such as 'Sick Time' or any other short description. Select
the :guilabel:`Employee` and the :guilabel:`Work Entry Type` from the respective drop down lists.

.. image:: work_entries/create.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Create a new work entry by clicking Create and entering the information.

> Next, enter the date and time for the work entry in the :guilabel:`From` and :guilabel:`To` drop
> downs. First, select the date by navigating to the correct month and year using the arrow

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, enter the date and time for the work entry in the :guilabel:`From` and :guilabel:`To` drop-downs. First, select the date by navigating to the correct month and year using the arrow
```

> icons, then clicking on the date.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
icons, then click on the specific day.
```

.. image:: work_entries/date.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Select the date from the calendar using the drop down arrow.

Then, select the time by clicking on the clock icon, and using the up and down arrows for each

> section to enter the hour, minute, and seconds for the time period.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
section to enter the hour, minute, and second for the time period.
```

.. image:: work_entries/time.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enter the time in hours, minutes, and seconds, using the arrows.

The :guilabel:`Period` will display the hours based off the :guilabel:`To` and :guilabel:`From`
entries.

.. tip::
   Before clicking either :guilabel:`Save & Close` or :guilabel:`Save & New`, it is good to double

>    check the :guilabel:`Period` and ensure the time stated corresponds to the :guilabel:`To` and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   check the :guilabel:`Period` to ensure the time stated corresponds to the :guilabel:`To` and
```

   :guilabel:`From` fields.

   .. image:: work_entries/period.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Check the hours entered by looking at the total time in the Period section.

> Once the information is entered, click :guilabel:`Save & Close` to save the entry and close the pop
> up, or :guilabel:`Save & New` to save the entry and create another :guilabel:`Work Entry Type`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the information is entered, click :guilabel:`Save & Close` to save the entry and close the pop-up, or :guilabel:`Save & New` to save the entry and create another :guilabel:`Work Entry Type`.
```

> Regenerate Work Entries

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Regenerate work entries
```

menu, and adjust the :guilabel:`From` and :guilabel:`To` fields so the correct date range is
displayed. Click the :guilabel:`Regenerate Work Entries` smart button and the work entries will be
recreated. Once finished, the pop up will close.

   .. image:: work_entries/regenerate-details.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Regenrate a work entry for a particular employee.

Conflicts
=========

A conflict appears for any request that has not been approved, such as sick time or vacation, or if
there are any errors on the work entry, such as required fields being left blank. Conflicts are
required to be resolved before payslips can be generated.

Any work entry that has a conflict to be resolved is indicated on the main :guilabel:`Work Entry`
overview dashboard, or by going to :menuselection:`Payroll --> Work Entries --> Conflicts` where
only conflicts needing resolution are shown.

.. image:: work_entries/conflicts.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Conflicts dashboard view showing all employee's conficts in work entries.

Conflicts are indicated with an orange triangle in the top left corner of each individual entry.

> Click on an individual work entry to see the conflict details in a pop up.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click on an individual work entry to see the conflict details in a pop-up.
```

The conflict is briefly explained in an orange text box.

.. image:: work_entries/conflict-detail.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Details for a conflict appear in the pop-up.

The :guilabel:`Work Entry Name`, :guilabel:`Employee`, and :guilabel:`Work Entry Type` are listed on
the left side of the pop up. The :guilabel:`From` and :guilabel:`To` date range, as well as the
total time requested (in hours) appears in the :guilabel:`Period` field on the right side.

If there is a conflct because a time-off request for the same time already exists in the system,
the time off will be entered in the :guilabel:`Time Off` field. Clicking the :guilabel:`External

> Link` button next to the :guilabel:`Time Off` entry will bring up the duplicate time off request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Link` button next to the :guilabel:`Time Off` entry will bring up the duplicate time-off request.
```

the :guilabel:`Regenerate Work Entries` smart button, and entering the corresponding information for
each employee.

.. image:: work_entries/regenerate-employee.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Regenerate each employee who has had work entires modified.

Generating Payslips
===================

To generate payslips, navigate to the time period the payslips should be generated for, either day,
week, or month. When the desired pay period is displayed, click the :guilabel:`Generate Payslips`
smart button.

   .. image:: work_entries/generate-payslips.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Create paylsips by clicking the Generate Payslips smart button.

.. tip::
   If the *Generate Payslips* smart button is not active (appears light turquoise instead of dark
   turquoise) that indicates there are conflicts. *Solve conflicts first* will appear as a warning
   when *Generate Payslips* is moused over. Resolve conflicts before generating payslips.

A batch entry will appear for the time period selected. The batch name appears at the top in the
*Name* field, typically listing the month and year for the particular batch.

> The date range the payslips apply to appear in the *Period* field. The *Company*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The date range the payslips apply to appears in the *Period* field. The *Company*
```

============
Work Entries
============

The :guilabel:`Work Entries` dashboard, which can be found by going to :menuselection:`Payroll
--> Work Entries --> Work Entries`, provides a visual overview of the individual time sheets of
every employee, with each day split into a morning shift and an afternoon shift.

.. image:: work_entries/work-entries-overview.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Work Entries dashboard view showing all employee's work entries.

To change the view so that only the entries for a single day, week, or month are shown, click on

> either :guilabel:`Day`, :guilabel:`Week`, or :guilabel:`Month`.

Reviewer 3: wording (so less redundant) + add location of the clickable objects mentioned in the instructions.

```suggestion
one of the corresponding links for :guilabel:`Day`, :guilabel:`Week`, or :guilabel:`Month`, located at the top of the dashboard.
```

> .. image:: work_entries/work-entry-date.png

Reviewer 3: Not needed

   :align: center
   :alt: Select the date format to view, either day, week, or month.

> Use the :guilabel:`arrow icons` on the left and right side of the :guilabel:`Today` button to adjust

Reviewer 3: gui + emoji formatting

```suggestion
Use the :guilabel:`⬅️ (left arrow)` and :guilabel:`➡️ (right arrow)` icons on the left and right side of the :guilabel:`Today` button to adjust
```

the displayed dates. The arrows will adjust the date based on the type of time selected. For
example, if month is selected, the arrows will move one month with each click of the arrow. If week
or day is selected, the time will move by either a week or a day for each click of the arrow,
respectively.

Adding a new work entry
=======================

If a work entry is missing and needs to be added, such as  sick time or time off, click
:guilabel:`Add` to create a new work entry. A pop-up will appear, with several fields to fill in.

Enter the :guilabel:`Work Entry Name`, such as 'Sick Time' or any other short description. Select
the :guilabel:`Employee` and the :guilabel:`Work Entry Type` from the respective drop-down lists.

> .. image:: work_entries/create.png

Reviewer 3: ideally the screenshot of this form is filled out with a realistic information so it's more educational for the reader (since they can view blank forms on their own DBs which isn't very helpful 😅)

   :align: center
   :alt: Create a new work entry by clicking Create and entering the information.

Next, enter the date and time for the work entry in the :guilabel:`From` and :guilabel:`To`
drop-downs. First, select the date by navigating to the correct month and year using the
:guilabel:`arrow icons` icons, then click on the specific day.

.. image:: work_entries/date.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Select the date from the calendar using the drop down arrow.

Then, select the time by clicking on the :guilabel:`clock icon`, and using the :guilabel:`up and
down arrows` for each section to enter the hour, minute, and second for the time period.

.. image:: work_entries/time.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Enter the time in hours, minutes, and seconds, using the arrows.

Reviewer 3: Don't think you need either screenshot here since this is a common feature across Odoo. Imo it's enough to just say what to do in written form as long as it's clear 👍 

As well, would fix at the gui + emoji formatting here (similar to above comment I made earlier).
The formatting for those is: 
```
:guilabel:`emoji (icon name)`
```

The :guilabel:`Period` will display the hours based on the :guilabel:`To` and :guilabel:`From`
entries.

.. tip::
   Before clicking either :guilabel:`Save & Close` or :guilabel:`Save & New`, it is good to double
   check the :guilabel:`Period` to ensure the time stated corresponds to the :guilabel:`To` and
   :guilabel:`From` fields.

   .. image:: work_entries/period.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Check the hours entered by looking at the total time in the Period section.

Once the information is entered, click :guilabel:`Save & Close` to save the entry and close the
pop-up, or :guilabel:`Save & New` to save the entry and create another :guilabel:`Work Entry Type`.

Regenerate work entries
=======================

After a work entry has been either added or modified, the work entries need to be regenerated for

> the affected employee(s). Click on the :guilabel:`Regenerate Work Entries` button, and a pop-up will

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
the affected employee(s). Click on the :guilabel:`Regenerate Work Entries` button at the top of the main dashboard, and a pop-up will
```

appear.

>    .. image:: work_entries/regenerate.png

Reviewer 3: don't need

      :align: center
      :alt: Regenrate work entires after modifying them.

Select the :guilabel:`Employee` to regenerate work entries for from the :guilabel:`drop-down menu`,
and adjust the :guilabel:`From` and :guilabel:`To` fields so the correct date range is displayed.
Click the :guilabel:`Regenerate Work Entries` button and the work entries will be recreated. Once
finished, the pop-up will close.

   .. image:: work_entries/regenerate-details.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Regenerate a work entry for a particular employee.

Conflicts
=========

A conflict appears for any request that has not been approved, such as sick time or vacation, or if
there are any errors on the work entry, such as required fields being left blank. Conflicts are
required to be resolved before payslips can be generated.

Any work entry that has a conflict to be resolved is indicated on the main :guilabel:`Work Entry`

> overview dashboard, or by going to :menuselection:`Payroll --> Work Entries --> Conflicts`, where

Reviewer 3: don't need the conjunction here since the navigational instruction is still part of that original clause
```suggestion
overview dashboard, located by going to :menuselection:`Payroll --> Work Entries --> Conflicts`, where
```

.. image:: work_entries/conflicts.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Conflicts dashboard view showing all employee's conflicts in work entries.

Conflicts are indicated with an orange triangle in the top left corner of each individual entry.

> Click on an individual work entry to see the conflict details in a pop-up.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click on an individual :guilabel:`work entry` to see the conflict details in a pop-up.
```

The conflict is briefly explained in an orange text box.

.. image:: work_entries/conflict-detail.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Details for a conflict appear in the pop-up.

The :guilabel:`Work Entry Name`, :guilabel:`Employee`, and :guilabel:`Work Entry Type` are listed on
the left side of the pop-up. The :guilabel:`From` and :guilabel:`To` date range, as well as the
total time requested (in hours), appear in the :guilabel:`Period` field on the right side.

If there is a conflict because a time-off request for the same time already exists in the system,
the time-off will be entered in the :guilabel:`Time Off` field. Clicking the :guilabel:`External
Link` button next to the :guilabel:`Time Off` entry will bring up the duplicate time off request.

The details for the time-off request appear in the pop-up. The request can be modified if needed.
Click either the :guilabel:`Approved` or :guilabel:`Refused` smart button to approve or deny the

> request, then click the :guilabel:`Save` smart button to save the changes.

Author: No- and I confused the smart buttons with any "green" colored button. I kept getting edit requests for those, and I finally get it =) 

I updated the buttons in this doc that are not true smart buttons. I now understand a smart button has something in it that is updated, like RQFs, etc.

.. image:: work_entries/validate.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Edit and/or validate a duplicate time-off request.

Once the duplicate time-off request has been approved and saved, the screen goes back to the
conflict. Click :guilabel:`Refuse Time Off` or :guilabel:`Approve Time Off` via the smart buttons in
the top right to either approve or deny the request. Repeat for all conflicts until there are no
conflicts to resolve.

> After conflicts have been resolved, work entries must be regenerated per each employee by clicking

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After conflicts have been resolved, work entries must be regenerated for each employee by clicking
```

the :guilabel:`Regenerate Work Entries` smart button, and entering the corresponding information for
each employee.

.. image:: work_entries/regenerate-employee.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Regenerate each employee who has had work entires modified.

Generating payslips
===================

To generate payslips, navigate to the time period the payslips should be generated for, either day,
week, or month. When the desired pay period is displayed, click the :guilabel:`Generate Payslips`
smart button.

   .. image:: work_entries/generate-payslips.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Create payslips by clicking the Generate Payslips smart button.

.. tip::
   If the :guilabel:`Generate Payslips` smart button is not active (appears light turquoise instead

>    of dark turquoise) that indicates there are conflicts. *Solve conflicts first* will appear as a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   of dark turquoise), that indicates there are conflicts. *Solve conflicts first* will appear as a
```

   warning when :guilabel:`Generate Payslips` is moused over. Resolve all conflicts before
   generating payslips.

A batch entry will appear for the time period selected. The batch name appears at the top in the
:guilabel:`Name` field, typically listing the month and year for the particular batch.

> The date range the payslips apply to appears in the *Period* field. The *Company* appears in the
> company section, along with an option to mark the payslips as a credit note. To make changes, click

Reviewer 2: Fields should be written with GUI labels.
```suggestion
The date range the payslips apply to appears in the :guilabel:`Period` field. The company appears in the
:guilabel:`Company` field, along with an option to mark the payslips as a credit note. To make changes, click
```
